Hello everyone and welcome to the sorting.
Half of this section of the course.
So we've already discussed how to search for items and now we're going to discuss how to sort data structures
specifically in Python.
But these algorithms are used in all languages.
So in this section we're going to be discussing six main algorithms used commonly in computer science
for sorting and it's going to consist of explanations of how the algorithms work and we're also going
to be implementing these algorithms in Python.
Specifically we'll be discussing about the bubble selection insertion shell merge and quicksort.
So to put this in a little bit of context a common interview questions consist of being asked to implement
a sorting algorithm in real life.
You'll probably never have to implement your own sorting algorithms since the best ones are already
built in to the programming language of your choice.
So in this lecture we're going to focus on the context of being asked to implement a sorting algorithm
in an interview setting.
Lectures are going to focus on three things a verbal explanation a visual explanation and a full implementation
of the sorting algorithm discussed in that lecture.
All right.
Before that being said let's go ahead and get started.
Our first algorithm for soring we're going to learn about is bubble sort I'll see the next lecture